When an ordinary man buys Bitcoin, he is a sage.  
When a sage obtains enlightenment, he sells his Bitcoin.|
A man must buy Bitcoin to get to the moon.  
The man who doesn''t climb to the moon is a fool.  
The man who climbs to the moon is a greater fool.|
You have to stand on Mt. Gox a long time,  
with your mouth open,  
before a cooked goose flies in it.|
What is the color of Tether?|
What is the sound of one nocoiner hodling?|
Said Master Rōgāa Veru: When a coin moves from one butter to another, that is
a transaction. What, then, is the form of one butter transacting?

A monk asked Master Karuparesu, "If I have a coin, what shall I do with it?"

Master Karuparesu replied, "Destroy it."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^Chrysatrice|
Regarding no-coiners, a monk once asked Master Gyabin Anduresen this question:
are not no-coiners truly enlightened, since they have no attachment to a single
coin? Have they transcended even the blockchain?

Master Gyabin instructed him thus: Go to the market, and purchase for me three
pounds of flax.

The monk did as instructed, and understood.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^Chrysatrice|
A monk said to Master Kureigu Raito, "I have bought a new graphics card, that I
might mine Bitcoin more efficiently."

Master Raito responded, "Ah! How much faster it would be to do your
calculations on parchment with an ink brush!"  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^Chrysatrice|
Two butters were arguing about the price of Bitcoin fluctuating on their charts.

One said, "The value moves. 1 BTC != 1 BTC."

The other said, "The chart moves. Its value stays the same."

They argued back and forth but could not agree.

Hui-neng, the sixth patriarch, wisely said: "Gentlemen! It is not the value that
moves. It is not the chart that moves. It is your belief that moves."

The two butters were struck with awe.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A butter asked wise Satoshi, "How does an invested one return to the ordinary world?"

Satoshi replied, "A broken mirror never reflects again; fallen flowers never go back
to the old branches; Fiat is but ink on paper."

The butter understood and hodled.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
The taller of the Winklevoss twins looked upon his Bitcoin and said, "If you do not
call this a currency, you oppose its reality. If you call it a currency, you ignore
fact. Now what do you wish to call this?"  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A zen butter, upon parking his Tesla asked: "When you can no longer hodl, what can you
do?"

The wagecuck was enlightened.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
When the many shitcoins are reduced to one, to what is the one reduced?|
Elder Ting asked Chārī Rī, "Master, what is the great meaning of Satoshi''s
teachings?"

Chārī Rī came down from his seat, slapped Ting and pushed him away. Ting was stunned
and stood motionless. A butter nearby said, "Ting, why do you bow?"

At that moment Ting attained great enlightenment.|
One day Banzan was listening to a Telegram channel. He overheard a butter say to the
huckster, "Sell me the best altcoin you have."

"Every altcoin I sell is the best," replied the huckster. "You cannot find an altcoin
that is not the best."

At these words, Banzan was enlightened.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A butter asked Master Ver, "What is the way to invest?"

Ver said, "Like an open-eyed man falling into the well."

The butter meditated on this and achieved lambo.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
One day as Tomatoshi stood outside the market, a butter called to him, "Tomatoshi,
why do you not enter the market?"

Tomatoshi replied, "I do not see myself as outside the market. Why enter?"

The Butter was unenlightened and continued to hodl.|
A butter saw an altcoin in the listings of Changpeng Zhao''s exchange and asked the
teacher, "All cryptocurrencies back their investments with fiat. Why does this altcoin
back itself with Tether?"

Master Zhao took out a dollar bill and covered the altcoin with it.|
After taking the high seat to preach to the assembly, Jaku Dorsei raised his hand and
pointed to the charts. Two butters invested in the Bitcoin the same way. Dorsey said,
"One gains, one loses."

The betas nodded in agreement.|
Once Satoshi and Pai-chang were chatting online and they saw a chart of the price of
Bitcoin over the last month.

"What is that?" Satoshi asked. "The price of Bitcoin," Pai-chang replied.

"What is its value?" "It''s gone down," Pai-chang said.

The Master then downvoted Pai-chang''s comment, and when Pai-chang cried out in pain,
Satoshi said, "1 BTC = 1 BTC."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A butter asked Tozan when he was weighing some flax, "What is Bitcoin?"

Tozan said: "This flax weighs three ounces."|
There''s an old sayin'' in Tennessee -- I know it''s in Texas, probably in Tennessee --
that says, "FOLE me once, shame on -- shame on you. FOLE me a second time -- we can''t
get FOLEd again."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^CryptoBobble|
A young butter approached The Most Holy Bitcoin Nodefather and asked, "What altcoin
should I buy?"

The Nodefather replied, "Pinch the index finger to the thumb in each hand and hold
them palms upward. Fill one with lambo dreams and the other with shitcoins. Which one
fills up faster?"

The young butter found clarity.|
If you meet Satoshi on the street, kill him.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A zen master needed to purchase something from Overstock. He told two butters to bring
him buttcoins for payment. One brought a Bitcoin, the other a Tether.  The first was
severely reprimanded, the second highly praised.|
One day an unenlightened investor complained of his loses, and called out, "Help me!
Help me!" A monk came alongside him and bought the dip. The investor logged out of
Telegram in anger.|
Te-shan was sitting and pondering his portfolio. Lung-t''an asked him why he didn''t
cash out. Te-shan answered, "Because of red candles."

Lung-t''an then took out a Bitcoin handed it to him. As Te-shan was about to sell,
Lung-t''an converted it to Tether. Te-shan had a sudden realisation, and bowed.|
Timu Doreipa received a university professor who came to inquire about buttcoins.
Timu opened his hot wallet, and began withdrawing coins from his vistor''s exchange
account until it was empty, and then kept withdrawing.

The professor watched the error messages until he no could longer restrain himself.
"It is empty. No more will come out!"

"Like my wallet," Timu said, "you are full of your own opinions and speculations. How
can I teach you buttcoin unless you first learn to hodl?"

The professor saw and understood.|
Maruku Karupuresu asked a monk who appeared for the first time on an exchange, "Have
I seen you before?" The monk answered, "No sir, my account is new."

"Then go and buy Bitcoin," said Maruku.

He saw another monk. "Have I ever seen you here before?" he asked. "Yes sir, of course
you have," said the second monk. "Then go and buy Bitcoin," said Maruku.

Later, the manager of the exchange asked Maruku, "How is it that you tell the same
thing whatever the reply to your question?" At this Maruku shouted, "Manager, do you
have an account?" "Of course," replied the manager.

"Then go and buy Bitcoin," said Maruku.

As if the clouds retreated to reveal the sun, the manager understood.|
A student of butters was told to read a whitepaper and invest in a new altcoin.
He was much upset, because he felt that this investment would interrupt his gainz
for many months. So he said to his friend, the advanced student Andoreasu Antonurosu:

"Please read the whitepaper for me. There are so many things I do not know; but if
you do we can discuss it and in this way I can learn as I invest."

"I will read the whitepaper," said Antonurosu, "but let me ask you: If you are hungry,
what satisfaction to you if I eat rice? If your feet are lame, what comfort to you if
I walk merrily? If your bladder is full, what relief to you if I piss?"

The student heard this admonition and felt as if he had tasted sweet nectar.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
Satoshi asked, "A man hodls at the height of Bitcoin value. How can he go farther up?"

A master student answered, "He should convince pizza delivery normies to install
wallets and tip them in Bitcoin, then he can go all the way to the moon."

A smile appeared on Satoshi''s serene face.|
A buttcoin master asked one of his monks, "Can you get fiat out of Tethers?"

"I''ll try," said the monk, and he cupped his hands in the air. The master said,
"That''s not very good. You haven''t got anything in there!"

"Please, master," said the monk, "show me a better way."

Thereupon the master seized the monk''s neckbeard and gave it a great yank. "Ouch!"
yelled the monk. "You hurt me!"

"That is the way to get value from Tethers!" replied the master, as the monk returned
to his basement.|
Chārī Shuremu was the fifth Bitcoin patriarch. One day he announced that he was off to
jail and his successor would be he who showed deepest insight into the new paradigm.
The chief monk took brush and ink and wrote on the temple wall:

"The chain is a Merkle tree, the coin a store of value.  
Bound together by Proof of Work, the price can only rise."

No other monk dared compete with the chief monk. But at twilight a lowly disciple who
had been working in the kitchen snuck into the temple and wrote:

"The blockchain is not chain nor block nor tree, a coin must be currency.  
Great expenditures of energy do not instill value."

Later that night Chārī Shuremu called the disciple and said, "I have read your
insight and chosen you as my successor, please take my private keys. Be warned
the chief monk will be jealous of you and may do you harm. You must leave the
monastery tonight."

Before the break of dawn the chief monk learned the news. He called his minions,
who grabbed automatic weapons and pursued the disciple. Wheezing and panting,
they overtook him just a stone''s throw away from the temple, where he was setting
up a node. "Give me the private keys!", the chief monk cried.

The disciple opened his hand and showed the chief monk his Nano Ledger. 

Daylight broke as the chief monk realized he was defeated. The mob returned to the
temple and set it on fire.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
Great Father Satoshi determines your allowance, via rewards for mining. The lawn need
not be mowed, the dishes need not be washed. Just invest your meager cash and hope for
salvation. That is your weekly bread.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^tatertatertatertot|
Satoshi said to a monk, "If I see you have a bitcoin, I will give it to you. If I see
you have no bitcoin, I will take it away from you."

The mind of the monk was expanded.|
Master Kureigu found two groups of monks, from the Bitcoin sub and the Bitcoin Cash
sub, squabbling over the ownership of a bitcoin. He took the bitcoin, waved it in the
air over his head, and said to the quarrelers:

"Show me a good altcoin if you want to save it!" No one said a word. Master Kureigu
went to an exchange and turned the bitcoin into Tether, giving one half to each group.

That night when Chrysatrice returned to the monastery, Kureigu told her the story.
Chrysatrice said nothing; but she took off her sandals, balanced them on her head,
and walked away.

Kureigu said aloud, "Chrysatrice could have saved the coin."|
A monk came to Master Rōgāa Veru and asked, "Tell me, is there some cryptocurrency that
no master has ever taught?"

Master Rōgāa said, "There is." The monk asked, "Can you tell me what it is?"

Master Rōgāa said, "It is not Bitcoin. It is not forks nor copies. It is not smart
contracts. It is not altcoins. It is learning to DYOR."

The smile on the monk''s face lit up the night as he understood.|
*Our Satoshi*, who art in ancap-heaven, hallowed be your keys. Your Bitcoin come,
your code be done, on the Internet as it is in ancap-heaven. Give us this day
our mined coins. And forgive us our debts, as we hope to be forgiven by our
debtors for that third mortgage. And do not bring us to the time of crash, but
rescue us from the death cross. *Adude.*  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "What is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "Something of code, with Proof of Work."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "The one there who forked the code."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "The one who is not Buddha."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "What is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "The mountains when traveling over the sea."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "Look at that three-legged donkey."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "Dry shit."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "His mouth is the gateway of woe."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "The finest artist is unable to paint him."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A student at the temple asked a zen master, "Who is the Satoshi?"

The master answered, "The bamboo grove by the temple."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
Master Gyabin Anduresen made a practice of raising his finger whenever he explained a
question about Bitcoin. A very young disciple began to imitate him, and every time
Gyabin raised his finger while he preached, this boy would raise his finger too.
All the students laughed.

One day Gyabin caught him, took the boy''s hand, and cut off his finger with a
knife. The boy ran away howling.  "Stop!" shouted Gyabin. The boy stopped and
looked at his master through his tears. Gyabin raised his finger. The boy raised
his finger, then he realized it was no longer there.

The boy hesitated a moment and then bowed.|
Wakaun stood in front of a picture of Satoshi. In the picture Satoshi was wearing a
neckbeard.

"Now, why doesn''t that fellow wear a neckbeard?" asked Wakuan.|
May Satoshi spit in your face and shit in your mouth.|
A buttcoin master was asked the question, "What is the proper Proof?" by a curious
monk. "It is right before your eyes," said the master. "Why can I not code it for
myself?" asked the monk. "Because you are thinking of Proof of Work," said the master.
"What about Proof of Stake, can you code it?" the monk continued.

"So long as you see double, saying Proof of Stake and Proof of Work and so on, your
eyes are clouded," replied the master. "When there is neither *Work* nor *Stake* can
one code it?" queried the monk.

"When there is neither *Work* nor *Stake*, who is the one that wants to code it?" The
monk pondered this and became nearer to Satoshi''s truth.|
A monk approached his master and asked, "Master, I have meditated upon buttcoins but
have yet to reach enlightenment. What am I doing wrong?" The master asked in return,
"Have you meditated until your mind is empty of all rationality, all thought, all
sense and all intuition?"

"I have not reached that point, master." replied the monk. The master nodded and said,
"Meditate until your mind is empty. Only then will you understand buttcoins." As the
monk pondered his mind was expanded.|
Do not despair, dear revolutionaries. Satoshi warned of the bears. It is up to us to
attack them with our bulls. The next 18 days will be critical to Bitcoin.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^spookthesunset|
Do you accept Satoshi in your heart? Do you read the white paper before you go to bed
each night and give thanks to the wonders of the Blockchain?

Satoshi loves you. He loves us all.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^spookthesunset|
I channel Satoshi''s energy through my heart chakra.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^spookthesunset|
Does reading the whitepaper still give you tingles in your groin or are you now on
the Lizard payroll?  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^spookthesunset|
Do you accept Satoshi in your heart and mind? Are you willing to leave your current
life and live on his glorious Interstellar Comet where you will be free from
jackbooted thugs forcing you at gunpoint to comply with illegal laws you never
agreed to at birth?  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^spookthesunset|
A hodler asked Gǒu Shǐ Yìngbì Jīng, "After losing two thirds of my wealth, should I
let go of my bags?"

The master responded, "You are already eating a shit sandwich. It would be wise to
stick around in case they serve dessert."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^rockybeethoven|
Keep your altcoins close, and your Bitcoin even closer.|
Investing without strategy is the slowest route to the moon. Strategy before investing
is the whining noise of TA charters. The truth lies somewhere between.|
For to buy one hundred dips in one hundred downtrends is not the acme of skill. To
go to the moon without selling is the acme of skill.|
&#127925; Imagine there''s no fiat,  
It''s easy if you try.  
No banks control you,  
Above us only sky.  
Imagine all us people hodlin'' for the long stay.  
  
Imagine there''s no countries,  
It isn''t hard to do.  
No wars to kill or die for,  
Satoshi''s dream made true.  
Imagine all the people living life in peace, you?  
  
You may say I''m a creepto,  
But I''m not the only one.  
I hope some day you''ll join us  
And our coins will be as one. &#127925;  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A wannabe butter monk messaged his Master about an altcoin he wanted to buy. The
Master told him it was fated to moon. "It''s only $0.10 per coin." "Buy me 1000
coins," replied the wannabe.

The following day, the coin was at $0.20. Seeing this, the monk texted his master and
told him to buy him 5000 more coins. The day after the monk checked his exchange and
the coin was at $0.40. Eager to contact his master, he told him to buy 10,000 more
coins.

Checking online the following day the monk now saw the coin was valued at $0.90.
Thinking what a windfall profit he had made in just a few days, the monk raced to see
his master and told him, "Sell all my coins!"

"To whom?" the master replied. "You were the only one buying that coin."|
There was madness on every exchange, at any hour. If not over on Bitfinex, then down
at BitMex or up the 101 to Coinbase or west to Binance... you could buy altcoins
anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right,
that we were winning....

And that, I think, was the handle -- that sense of inevitable victory over the statists
and the jackbooted thugs. Not in any mean or military sense; we were too scared of
that. Our blockchains would simply prevail. There was no point in selling -- on the
upsides or down. We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and
beautiful Elliot Wave....

So now, less than five months later, you can go up on a steep hill in Los Angeles and
look North, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water mark --
that place where the bubble finally broke... and collapsed.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
A master was speaking to his buttcoin monks at the monestary as he explained, "The
price of the entire cryptomarket could triankotuple to 10 trillion US dollars."

The monks smiled and nodded knowingly, until a young child in the back of the room
asked, "What is a triakonta?" The master paused and answered, "It is the Greek
cardinal number for a 30-tuple."

The child shook his head and said, "Malakies." The master was confused, so he asked
the child what it meant, the child replied, "Google it, old man." and walked away.

The monks used the Google and were enlightened.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
As master Zentoshi approached, monks bowed their heads. "Master, will you honor us
with one of your riddles on this fine evening?" one of the monks asked, his voice
quivering in the presence of such an astounding authority.

Master Zentoshi nodded and said, "Those who can answer this question can sit beside
me on top of the Bart Staircase -- what is the value of unspent Bitcoin?"

The monks smiled and continued to hodl.|
One day, Master Zentoshi approached his students and dropped a bundle of papyrus,
settling down in lotus pose. They were involved in a heated debate on how many days
a true Bitcoin believer must hodl before being allowed to climb the Bart Staircase
to the sacred lands of gainz. After a few minutes one of them finally picked up a
papyrus and read it.

"My unworthy eyes have seen the light!" he shouted and fell to his knees, thanking
the motionless Master Zentoshi. Another one read a different papyrus and fell
writhing to the floor and foaming at the mouth. He too had seen the light. The third
student, however, was still filled with fear, uncertainty and doubt.

He picked up a scroll and examined its writing with a puzzled look on his face.
"This is gibberish," he whispered. He looked around and shouted, "How the hell can
you people believe this nonsense?! ''Decentralized distributed ledger''?
''Anonymous banking''? What kind of whitepaper is this? This is insane!"

As if on command, other students surrounded the heretic and began punching him
until he fell down. Master Zentoshi had a smirk on his face. Another set of weak
hands had been exposed. Only the iron ones will remain.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^SgtBrutalisk|
This reminds me of a historical Bitcoin transaction. A lonely, semi-anonymous butter
had become so well-known and such a babe magnet that he achieved official Hollywood
Celebrity Status&trade; in his home town.

He was fine until all the people wanting autographs and selfies hounded him into
moving to a new country. Unfortunately, his fame followed, and he was soon mobbed by
a pack of young post-Millennial hotties who tried to pull off his clothes and fondle
his naughty bits.

In the ensuing melee, he ended up losing a shoe, and was forced to walk home
with one bare foot (in the snow, uphill, both ways.) As fortune would have it,
he was blessed to find a techno-cobbler on his way who was able to make him a
matching shoe to replace the missing one, in return for BTCitcoinage.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
"This sad little butter told me that he was an early investor from his mother''s
basement. I did not laugh; people who boast of investments often have little
else to sustain them. Humouring them costs nothing and adds to happiness in a
world in which happiness is in little supply."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^Lazarus ^^Short|
A bitcoiner named Cragu came to Satoshi, and asked: "Which is the real bitcoin?"
"Who are you?" inquired Satoshi. "I am a coiner," the butter replied.

"You, a coiner!?" exclaimed Satoshi. "What kind of exchange would have you as his
patron? Your wallet looks like that of a beggar."

Cragu became so angry that he began to draw his Fifth Edition Waifu Collector''s
Series Sword (with an embedded hardware wallet), but Satoshi continued: "So you
have a hardware wallet! It can easily be hacked - should have used a birdbath."

As Cragu drew his sword Satoshi remarked: "Bcash is the one true coin!"

At these words the coiner, perceiving the master''s discipline, sheathed his
sword and bowed. "Satoshi has spoken," said Cragu.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^_per_aspera_ad_astra|
On the lunch hour of a cold January day the apprentice, luke-jr, approached
Master Seagate atop the corporate headquarters: "Master Seagate, why do we
record our knowledge on the blockchain when bittorrent is more efficient?"

Master Seagate turned towards the netted factory: "An empty soul is an empty
mind, an empty mind is an empty blockchain, an empty blockchain is an empty hard
drive, an empty hard drive is an empty Q1."

The apprentice slowly closed his eyes and ascended.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^aslkfjasf|
I woke up this morning and decided to eat some toast. Opened the pantry and out
popped a hot woman. "What are you doing in my pantry?", I asked of the very hot lady.

"Don''t you remember last night?", she giggled hotly. "You left me in bread."
I told her "Bed, I left you in bed! Not bread!". She laughed whilst being very hot.

Pulled out my iPhone X (the latest, most expensive one) and checked the old
crypto portfolio out. Up another order of magnitude, as expected.

We had sex BTW. Very hot. Then we got our stuff together and got in the Tesla
where I had parked it. We were going to the SpaceX Launch Facility today; for we
had our tickets to Satoshi''s Holy Comet.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^aslkfjasf|
A master was asked the question, "What is the best coin?" by a curious monk. "The
whitepaper is right before your eyes," replied the master.

"Why do I not see it for myself?" asked the monk. "Because you are thinking of
your gainz."

"What about you: do you see it?" asked the monk. "So long as you see double, saying
I don''t and you do, and so on, your eyes are clouded," said the master.

"When there is neither ''I'' nor ''You,'' can one invest in it?" queried the monk.

"When there is neither ''I'' nor ''You,'' who is the one who can buy or sell it?"|
The nun Chrystarice invested for years but was unable to find a coin that would go
to the moon. One moonlight night she was carrying an old pail, filled with water.
She was watching the full moon when the chain that held the pailstaves broke.
The pail fell apart; the water rushed out; the moon''s reflection disappeared.
And Christarice found enlightenment. She wrote this verse:

This way and that way, I tried to keep the pail together,  
Hoping the chain would never break.

Suddenly the market bottomed out:  
No more water; no more moon; emptiness in my wallet!|
A new monk came up to the master Joshu Chadku. "I have just entered the brotherhood
and I am anxious to learn the first principle of investing in Bitcoin," he said.
"Will you please teach it to me?"

Joshu said, "Have you opened an exchange account?"

The novice answered, "I have!" Joshu replied, "Now empty your bank account."|
A new butter came to the master Takuan asking for help in investing his money
more successfully. All day long, he explained, he sat in a dark basement receiving
reports and scanning charts, and he found it all very dull. Takuan took brush and
paper, and wrote:

"No day comes back again: one minute of time is worth a year of bitcoin."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
Misutā Manebaggu wanted to become a great investor, but his father said he was
dim and could never learn. So Misutā went to the famous investor Banzo, and
asked to become his pupil.

"How long will it take me to become a millionaire?" he asked. "Suppose I became your
servant, to be with you every minute; how long?" "Ten years," said Banzo.

"My father is getting old. Before ten years have passed he will be dead. Suppose
I invest twice as much; how long will it take me?"

"Thirty years," said Banzo.

"How is that?" asked Misutā. "First you say ten years. Then when I offer double my
investment, you say it will take three times as long. Let me be clear: I will invest
everything; no hardship will be too much. How long will it take?"

"Seventy years" said Banzo. "A pupil in such a hurry earns slowly."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
The Master Geteclu said, "Keichup, the first developer, made two blockchain layers.
The top one had fifty nodes. Suppose you cut out the hubs? Would it still be
secure?"|
Joshu asked the teacher Nansensei, "What is the one, true Whitepaper?" Nansensei
answered, "Every LaTeX document is the one, true Whitepaper."

Joshu asked, "Can I study it?" Nansensei answered, "The more you study, the further
from the moon." Joshu asked, "If I don''t study it, how will I get a Tesla?"

Nansensei answered, "The moon does not belong to things seen: nor to things
unseen. It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown. Do not seek
it, study it, nor name it. To find yourself going to it, open your wallet wide as
the sky."

Joshu bowed in deep understanding.|
The Master Wi Tahdid said, "They say that Satoshi during his lifetime uttered
five thousand and forty-eight separate truths. They include the Proof of Work,
the truth of Immutability, and the true size of blocks. They include the truth of
sudden enrichment and the truth of gradual deflation. Are not all these yea-sayings?

"But on the other hand, Rōgāa Veru in the Song of Bitcoin Cash says there are no
blocksize limits and no Satoshi; losses are bubbles; and great minds dismiss
the flickerings of the Lightning Network. Are not all these nay-sayings?

"Oh my disciples, if you say Yea, you deny Veru; if you say Nay, you contradict
Satoshi. If Satoshi were here with you, how would he solve this problem?"  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
Joshu started to invest in Bitcoin when he was sixty. When he turned eighty he
decided to cash in some of his coins for filthy fiat. Once a student asked old
Joshu: "You teach that we must empty our wallets and invest everything. Unlike you,
I have nothing left in my bank account. Now what shall I do?"

"Take out a loan!" said Joshu. The student replied, "But I have nothing. How can I
take out a loan?"

"If you can''t take out a loan, borrow from your parents! Shill to your neighbors.
Talk to a loan shark. But don''t stand there in front of me with nothing in your
wallet!"

A slow realization came over the student and he was enlightened.|
The Master Dertai Griftah said, "Pious teachers say that Bitcoin helps us in
every possible way, but think: how can it help the blind, the deaf, or the dumb?
The blind cannot drive a Lambo; the deaf cannot hear the envious whispers of
their friends; the dumb cannot brag about their gainz. Since we cannot help
these people, how can we say Bitcoin helps in every possible way? What good is
it?"

Many years later a monk asked Master Dertai to explain these words. After making
the questioner prostrate himself, Dertai poked at him with his stick. The monk
jumped back.

"Ah-ha!" said Dertai, "I see you are not blind!" Then he told the monk to come
forward, which he did.

"Ah-ha!" said Dertai, "I see you are not deaf!" Then he asked the monk if he
would continue to hodl. The monk said he would not.

"Ah-ha!" said Dertai, "I see you are not dumb!"|
The aspiring butter Riko Swavay once asked Nansensei to explain to him the
problem of using Tether. "If a man puts his money into Tether," he said, "and
adds funds to the account until it grows and grows and becomes enough to buy a
lambo, and then there is no more reason not to buy one, how can the man get the
money out without crashing the price, or exchanging for other coins?"

"Riko!" shouted Nansensei, and gave a great clap with his hands. "Yes, master?"
replied the butter with a start.

"See!" said Nansensei, "the money is out!" Riko pondered this and was enlightened.|
Mamazboi was a wealthly man, and he thought he ought to invest in Bitcoin. So he
went to a great teacher, who told him to concentrate on the famous koan: "What
is the sound of one butter investing?" Mamazboi went away, and came back a week
later, shaking his head. He did not understand it.

"Get out!" said the master. "You are not trying hard enough. You still think of
money and lambos and pleasure. It would be better if you died. Then you might
learn the answer."

The next week Mamazboi came back again. When the master asked him: "Well, what
is the sound of one butter?" he clutched at his heart, groaned, and fell down
dead. "Well, you''ve taken my advice and died," said the master. "But what about
that investment?"

Mamazboi opened one eye. "I haven''t solved that yet," he said.

"Dead men don''t invest," said the master. "Get up, and get out!"|
There were two cryptocurrency exchanges in the town of Kyoto, and each had a
bright young student who was sent on errands. The North temple sent its boy
every day to buy Bitcoin. On his way he was met by the boy of the South temple.

"Where are you going?" asked the South temple boy. "Wherever my TA charts will
carry me," replied the other.

This answer silenced the South temple boy, and he went back and told the story
to his teacher. Not to be outdone by the rival pupil, the teacher suggested:
"When you meet that boy tomorrow, ask him the same question. He will give you
the same answer, and then you say: ''Suppose you had no charts then where would
you be going?'' That will fix him!"

The next day the two boys met. The boy from the South temple said: "Where are
you going?" "Wherever the Magic 8-Ball tells me," replied the other.

This again silenced the boy from the South temple, so he went back to consult
his teacher. "I tell you what..." said the teacher. "Tomorrow you ask him:
''Suppose there is no 8-Ball?''"

The next day the two boys met again. The boy from the South temple said: "Where
are you going?" The other answered, "To buy Bitcoin."|
Cryptogen said to his pupils: "Investing in cryptocurrencies is a man hanging
from a tree over a cliff. He is holding on to a twig with his teeth. His hands
hold no branch. His feet find no branch. Up on the cliff-edge a man shouts at
him: ''Answer my question and I will save you. Why did Satoshi limit the
blocksize to just 1MB?''"

"If he fails to answer he is lost. If he answers, he dies. What must he do?"

The pupils lowered their heads in understanding.|
The Master Satoshi was refactoring some code when a robber entered his room, put
a knife to his back, and demanded his money. "Over there under the birdbath,"
said Satoshi, going on with his refactoring.

As the robber was leaving, Satoshi said, "Leave me some for my taxes; the taxmen
are coming around tomorrow to collect." So the robber put back some of the money
and started to leave.

"Don''t you thank someone who makes you a gift?" asked Satoshi. So the robber
thanked him, and went off.

A few days later the robber was caught; and among other confessions, he said he
had robbed Satoshi. But Satoshi refused to testify against him. "I made him a
gift of some bitcoins," he said. "And he thanked me for it. That was all."

The robber served a prison term. When he was freed, he went directly to
Satoshi. "Will you be my teacher?" he said. Satoshi nodded sagely and went back
to refactoring his code.|
The monk BeegLambdu used to start every day by saying to himself out loud:
"Master, are you there?" And he would answer himself, "Yes sir, I am!"

Then he would say, "Better sober up!" Again he would answer, "Yes sir! I''ll do
that!"

Then he would say, "Look out now; don''t let them fool you!" And he would answer,
"Oh no, sir, I won''t! I won''t!"|
A rich merchant asked the master Sumgai for a good saying that would help
preserve the prosperity and happiness of his investments.  The master took brush
and ink, and wrote:

Verge dies  
Ethereum dies  
And finally,  
Bitcoin dies

The merchant was angry. "What kind of evil spell are you writing against my
portfolio?" he demanded of Sumgai.

"It is no evil spell," said Sumgai, "but a hope for your greatest good
fortune. I wish that every coin in your portfolio shall reach an ATH when you
sell. And I wish that no other coin may crash before you have sold. What truer
happiness than buying low and selling high in this order can any butter desire?"|
A new exchange was to be opened, and the master Hoyadoin had to decide which of
his monks should be put in charge. So he called the monks together, filled a
hard wallet with altcoins, and said to them, "Which one of you can say what this
is without giving its name?"

The chief monk, who expected to be given the new mastership, spoke first. "It
plugs in, it has circuits inside, but it is not a wooden shoe," he said.

Another monk said, "It is not a pond, because it can be carried."

Then the cook, lowest of the monks, arose. He threw the wallet to the floor and
stepped on it repeatedly until it was smashed into pieces.

He had shown how to achieve emptiness. Hoyadoin gave him the job.|
There was an old woman who was born in the same town as Satoshi, but ever since
she had been a little girl she had been afraid to face him, although everyone
assured her he was a very holy man. Every time she thought she might meet him,
she ran away.

One day she was on the road which led to town, and she saw approaching a
venerable man in a saffron robe. It was the Satoshi. She was terrified. She
couldn''t run, but she refused to look. She covered her eyes with her two hands
- but wonder of wonders! The tighter she covered her eyes, the clearer she saw
who the Satoshi really was. Tell me, who was the old woman?|
One day while Bankar was preaching quietly to his followers, his talk was
interrupted by a Satoshi priest who believed in miracles, and thought salvation
came from repeating the holy words he read on /r/Bitcoin.

Bankar was unable to go on with his talk, and asked the priest what he wanted to
say.

"The founder of my cryptocurrency," boasted the priest, "stood on one end of the
Internet with a keyboard at his hand. His disciple stood on the other shore
running a Bitcoin node. And the founder wrote the holy mantra of banking collapse
onto the blockchain across the Internet as if through the air. Can you do
anything so miraculous?"

"No," said Bankar, "I can do only little miracles. Like: when I am hungry, I
eat; when I am thirsty, I drink; when I need money, I use an ATM."|
The disciple Saihai once asked the master Satoshi if he would please explain to
him the basic principles of Bitcoin. He did this by asking: "Why did you limit
the size of the blocks in the chain?"

"Wait," whispered Satoshi. "Later, when there is no one around except us, I will
tell you."

During the day they were alone together several times, and several times Saihai
started to ask his question again, but each time the master put his fingers to
his lips. Finally, Saihai insisted on an answer. Satoshi took him outside.

"There is no one here. Tell me!" insisted Saihai. Satoshi whispered, "These
bamboos here are tall. Those bamboos there are short. That is why the block is
the size that it is."

Saihai thought upon this, and saw the truth revealed.|
When Yomamiz Zophat was a brash young student, he visited the master Dookonmi.
Wanting to impress the master, he said:

"There is no mind, there is no body, there is no Bitcoin. There are no gainz,
there are no losses. There is no master and there is no student; there is no
sodling, there is no hodling. What we think we see and feel is not real. All
that is real is Emptiness. None of these seeming things really exists."

Dookonmi had been sitting quietly on his mushroom while smoking his hooka,
saying nothing. Now he picked up his staff, and without warning gave Yamamiz
a terrible whack. Yamamiz jumped up in anger.

"Since none of these things really exists," said Dookonmi, "and all is
Emptiness, where does all your anger come from? Think on this."

Yomamiz contemplated this wisdom and then deleted all his shitposts on Reddit.|
A puzzled monk once asked Fukutu: "You say blockchain can be explained without
speaking, and without keeping silent. How can this be?"

Fukutu answered, "In Southern China in the Spring, when I was only a lad, ah!
How birds sang among the blossoms."|
Satoshi told this parable: a traveler, fleeing jackbooted thugs who were chasing
him, ran till he came to the edge of a cliff. There he caught hold of a thick
vine, and swung himself over the edge.

Above him the statists snarled. Below him he heard another snarl, and behold,
there was another hoard of government pansies, peering up at him. The vine
suspended him midway between two gangs.

Two mice, a white mouse and a black mouse, began to gnaw at the vine. He could
see they were quickly eating it through. Then in front of him on the cliffside
he saw a Bitcoin faucet offering a luscious bunch of coins.  Holding onto the
vine with one hand, he reached and picked a coin with the other.

He quickly opened his wallet app and sodl the coin to some bagholders.

How delicious!|
A militant butter wielding an AR-15 named Nobushetin came to Hakitup and asked
"Is there really a paradise and a hell?"

"Who are you?" inquired Hakitup. "I am a cyber-samurai!" the warrior replied.

"You, a soldier!?" exclaimed Hakitup. "What kind of ruler would have you as his
guard? Your face looks like that of a beggar."

Nobushetin became so angry that he turned off the safety on his AR-15, but
Hakitup continued: "So you have a rifle! Your aim is probably much too dull to
be able to gun me down."

As Nobushetin raised his rifle Hakitup remarked: "Here open the gates of hell!"

At these words the butter, perceiving the master''s discipline, put the safety
back on and bowed.

"Here open the gates of paradise," said Hakitup.|
Sum Dongpoo was an avid student of Bitcoin whitepapers. He was quick-witted and
as a Bitcoin follower very serious and self-disciplined in his investments. He
often discussed Bitcoin with his good friend, Master Fapin. The two lived across
the river from one another. Sum Dongpoo felt inspired and wrote the following
poem:

I bow my head to the heaven within Satoshi''s Holy Intersteallar Comet,  
Hairline channels illuminate the universe,  
The eight winds cannot move me,  
Sitting still upon the purple golden lotus.

Impressed by himself, Dongpoo sent a servant to hand-carry this poem to Fapin, who
read it. Smiling, he wrote "fart" on the manuscript and had it returned.

Sum Dongpoo was expecting compliments and a seal of approval. When he saw the
reply he was shocked and he burst into anger. Full of indignation, he rushed out
and ordered a boat to ferry him to the other shore so he could find Fapin and
demand an apology. However, Fapin''s door was closed. On it was a piece of
paper, with following two lines:

The eight winds cannot move me,  
One fart blows me across the river.|
A student wants to be accepted into a renowned whalepool. When he asks to be
introduced, a servant moderator says: "The masters say you first must solve
three problems with the Lightning Network, then they''ll consider your request".

They are extraordinarily difficult issues.  The student spends years researching
and works hard to find the answers; when he finally comes back and emails the
answers to the servant for the masters to consider, the servant says, "Your
solutions are satisfying; the masters will invite you to the whalepool in ten
thousand days."

Flummoxed, the student asks, "But what if my answers hadn''t been satisfying?"

The servent replies, "Then the masters would have taken you on right away, of
course!"|
A butter''s wallet got hacked and he lost his coins. His Reddit buddies gathered
upon hearing the news and said sympathetically, "SFYL!" "Maybe", the butter
replied.

His coins returned mysteriously on their own the new morning, and brought 10x
more coins with them. "Look how many more coins you have now," his buddies
exclaimed.  "How lucky!" "Maybe", the butter replied.
 
The next day, the butter''s son bought some fentanyl with some of the coins,
received it and suffered an overdose. "How awful," his buddies posted. "It looks
like your luck has turned for the worse again." The butter simply replied,
"Maybe."

The following day, jackbooted statist thugs came to town to conscript young men
into military service. Seeing the son going through withdrawal, they rejected
him. The butter''s Reddit pals posted about how fortune he was.

"Maybe," said the butter, who was quite smug until the statists returned and
conscripted him instead.|
Two fellow butters logged into an exchange where they discovered a new altcoin.
Wary of the nocoiners, the CEO behind the ICO asked if they could help set a
market price. One of the butters hesistated, but the other slowly moved his
Bitcoin to Bitfinex, and converted it into Tether, then transferred the Tether
to the exchange, then converted the Tether into Ethereum, then sold the ETH at
market price, then used the fiat to buy the new altcoin.

Having a new market cap set at $1BIL, the CEO thanked the butter and went off to
shop for lambos.

As the butters continued looking at their hodlings and analysing their charts,
the one was brooding and preoccupied. Unable to hold his silence, he spoke
out. "Brother, our spiritual training teaches us to avoid any contact with
altcoins, but you sodled your precious Bitcoin and invested in that ICO!"

"Brother," the second monk replied, "I bought into an ICO and hodl, yet you are
the one still FOMOing over it."|
A "barrier" koan is one that you have to penetrate in order to enter Satoshi''s
Interstellar Comet. To penetrate the Dharma Gate (a gateless gate) you must make
the question your flesh and bones. It must be part of your body so instead of
seeing it as an object of thought, where you are the thinker and the koan is
your thought, you have to become the koan. You are the question and the answer.

The question is whether a dog can own Bitcoin or not? The dilemma is that it is
axiomatic in the whitepaper that all sentient beings can own Bitcoin, so is the
question moot?

This MU is your surrender to the realization that you don''t know, that your
mind is a Turing incomplete question-making operating system that will never be
able to implement a blockchain and therefore can never *truly* trust an answer.

The paradox is that you do not know, and need to give up needing to know, even
though it''s very important to know what your private keys are, yet you must
surrender them to a wallet. Do you see how you must know the answer yet cannot
know the answer?|
By the teaching from the mighty tomes *Principia Bitcoinica*, the landmark books
on the derivation of blockchain from logic written by Alfie South Zithead and
Buttered Rustler, we first encounter the derivation of 2 BTC from 1 BTC + 1 BTC.

It begins with Rustler and Zithead''s failure to derive 2 BTC from 1 BTC + 1
BTC.  It seems that in order for 1 BTC + 1 BTC to equal 2 BTC, logic must be
partnered with spacetime near Satoshi''s Comet because without spacetime there
is no way to distinguish the first BTC from the second BTC. Without being able
to logically distinguish them you end up with the paradox that anything plus
itself is equal to itself so logically, 1 BTC + 1 BTC = 1 BTC, and therefore
1 BTC = 1 BTC always.|
Remember back to the dawn of consciousness when you first became aware of
Bitcoin? Satoshi called this primordial awareness of change Sukeritus, or that
which wildly fluctuates up and down nonsensically.

Remember how after awakening to Bitcoin you discriminated time as before
awakening and after awakening to Bitcoin? Remember how you also saw the change
as happening to you and how this gave change a location, i.e. a place in
spacetime?

Remember how at the same time you saw change as distinct from no change,
i.e. logic? Remember now that in that primordial era time, spacetime and logic
are one. All are aspects of change.

Enlightenment is returning to where you began and understanding it for the first
time. A koan is a vehicle for returning you to that moment. Resolving the
paradox of how 1 BTC + 1 BTC = 1 BTC and that 1 BTC will always equal 1 BTC is a
vehicle of remembrance and enlightenment.|
Long ago, there was a monk named Gensoku in the congregation of Master Butter
Hodlem, who asked him, "Gensoku, when was it again that you came to this
temple?" Gensoku replied, "Three years have passed since I arrived."

The Master said, "You''re fairly new here then. Why haven''t you ever asked me
about Bitcoin?" Gensoku replied, "I cannot lie to you, Master. While I was
studying with Master Satoshi I already reached the state of joyful repose in
Bitcoin."

The Master asked, "And through what words was it that you were able to obtain
that entrance?" Gensoku answered, "I asked Satoshi, ''What is the nature of the
self of this student?'' And he replied, ''Nummos meos veniunt cursus''."

Hogen responded, "Fine-sounding words. But perhaps you didn''t really understand
them."

Devastated, Gensoku stomped out, but halfway back to his quarters he thought,
"The Master is famed as a top teacher and the spiritual leader of 5000 investors.
There must be something to his criticism." He returned to the Master, apologizing
for his rudeness, and asked him, "What is the nature of the self of this student?"

The Zen Master replied, "Nummos meos veniunt cursus." Upon hearing this, Gensoku
achieved immense satori.|
One day a Master announced that a young butter had reached an advanced state of
investment gainz and had bought a lambo. The news caused some stir. Some of the
monks went to see the young monk. "We heard you bought a lambo. Is that true?"
they asked.

"It is," he replied.

"And how do you feel?"

"As miserable as ever," said the virgin.|
Master Mokurmum encountered a young monk, Toyoyo, trying to transfer money with
Lightning Network in order to buy a pizza. He stopped to watch him a moment,
then returned to ask, "How are your transfers going?"

Toyoyo responded, "Master, you taught that to travel the path to enrichment, I
must run and use an LN node with high success." "And have you found that success?"
asked Mokumum.

"All of my channels are stuck," Toyoyo answered. Mokumum nodded and then funded
some channels into Toyoyo''s node "This path feels a bit stuck too," he said to
to a nearby butter named Nansensei, banging against the side of his monitor.
"Try adding more with me."

Nansensei opened channels to Toyoyo''s node and began to try and send Bitcoin as
well. "Master, it does seem stuck," he said. "Perhaps Obtoos should try it with
us?"

Mokumum signaled to Obtoos to join them, and Obtoos gave a swift kick to
Toyoyo''s groin. "Do you finally feel a great peace?" Mokumum then asked Toyoyo.|
Fuketso was practicing calligraphy when Joshu ran up to him. "Master, I just
made large gainz," he stammered. "I was investing in altcoins on the exchange
and found the opportunity to cash out!"

Fuketso finished his last stroke and then set down the brush. "And why did you
sodl?" he asked. Joshu thought for a moment, and then declared, "I had no choice."

Fuketso stood up and punched Joshu in the nose. He then asked, "Did I have a
choice?"|
There was once a woman who had heard of Bitcoin. She coveted it. She asked a
certain dervish, whom we shall call Sabar: "How can I learn Bitcoin, so that I
may attain immediate knowledge?"

"You would best be advised to study with me", said the dervish. "But if you will
not do so, you will have to travel resolutely and at times restlessly throughout
the world." She left him and sought another, Arif the Wise One, and then found
Hakim the Sage, then Majzup the Mad, then Alim the Scientist, and many more.

She passed thirty months in her search. Finally she came to a darkweb
exchange. There stood the Blockchain of Satoshi, and from its blocks hung the
bright Fruit of Bitcoin. Standing beside the Chain was Sabar, the First Dervish.

"Why did you not tell me when we first met that you were the Custodian of the
Chain of Satoshi?" she asked him.

"Because you would not then have believed me. Besides, the Chain produces coins
only once every ten minutes." The woman contemplated this, and understood.|
Bayazin, a Bitcoin mystic, upon his deathbed wrote in his autobiography, "When I
was young I said to Satoshi that I prayed to God, ''Give me energy so that I can
change the whole world.'' Everything looked wrong to me. I was a revolutionary
and I wanted to change the face of the earth."

"When I became a little more mature I started posting: ''This seems to be too
much. Life is going out of my hands - almost half of my life is gone and I have
not changed a single person, and the whole world is too much.'' So I said to
Satoshi, ''My family will be enough. Let me brainwash my family.''"

"And when I became old, wrote Bayazin, "I realized that even the family is
too much, and who am I to change them? Then I realized that if I can change
myself that will be enough, more than enough. I prayed to God, ''Now I have come
to the right point. At least allow me to do this: I would like to change
myself.''"

"God replied, ''Now there is no time left. This you should have asked in the
beginning. Then there was a possibility.''"|
One day a Bitcoin butter and a mETHhead struck up a conversation. The butter had
trouble understanding how Proof of Stake could work and the mETHhead didn''t
quite understand how Proof of Work could scale, so they decided to inspect each
others'' code.

The mETHhead installed and ran a Bitcoin node, then said, "Ah, I see, this is
beyond wonderful for preventing attacks, but it does not scale. Now come see what
I have been running." The butter set up an Ethereum account and said simply,
"I don''t see any difference."

They did not converse again.|
A butter came to Per Aspera and wanted to demonstrate his own knowledge of the
Bitcoin with the intent to overpower Per in a debate. When he entered, Per took
the initiative however and mentioned Satoshi and the dreams he had according to
the whitepaper.

He then suddenly turned to his visitor and asked him if he could tell him about
a dream, so that the visitor may give his interpretation thereof. After
receiving permission Per told of a dream and both of them were in it. Per then
went on by describing the following: "I saw your hand immersed in a jar of
honey, while my hand was immersed in the latrine."

The visitor hastened to interpret: "It is quite obvious! You are immersed in
wrong pursuits whereas I am leading a righteous life."

"But", Per said, "there is more to the dream." The visitor asked him to
continue. Per then told him, "You were licking my hand and I was licking yours."|
Two butters meet, and there is a transaction.

What is the transaction of one butter?  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^POGtastic|
A monk set out to climb to the top of the mountain where true Bitcoin value was
found. The road was long and tiresome, so when he came upon an elderly woman
selling tea in a small shack, he stopped to rest and refresh himself.

The old woman asked him where he was going, to which he said "I am on the road
to the apex of investments, is this the correct road here?" to which she replied
"Go straight!"

The monk thanked her and continued down the road. As he walked away, the old
woman said "Ah, a fine monk, but he goes the wrong way."|
A buttcoin pupil asked his master, "Why did Satoshi limit the creation of coins to
ten minutes?"

The master, who had been meditating, looked up and answered, "I have no idea."|
Master Goblo asked, "When you meet a Man of the Bitcoin on the road, greet him
not with words, nor with silence. Tell me, how will you greet him?" His students
had no answer. Master Goblo answered:

"Meeting the man of the Bitcoin on the road,  
Greeting him not with words, nor with silence.  
Give him an uppercut,  
Then he will understand you at once."|
Three butters were walking on the road and they saw a man standing in front of
Satoshi''s home. "I wonder what that man is doing?" one of them pondered. "Perhaps
he is waiting for someone?"

"I''ll bet he''s looking for a cow that has strayed," said another.

"Or perhaps he is just enjoying the breeze," said the third.

So the three butters went up to the man to find out. "We''re just curious," they
asked, "are you waiting for someone? Or are you perhaps looking for a cow that
has strayed? Or are you just enjoying the breeze?"

"None of those," said the man. "Actually I was taking a leak on the welcome mat."

The butters contemplated this and were enlightened.|
Hung Far Low once approached a student who was reading whitepapers. "Why do you
spend so much time reading?" he asked. "Because I want to become a billionaire,"
the student replied.

At this, Hung Far Low picked up a brick tile from the floor, and began rubbing
it with his robe. "Why are you doing that?" asked the student. "Because I want
to make a coin," Hung Far replied.

"But Master," said the student, "no amount of -- oh, wait, I get it!"

"No, you don''t." said Hung Far, and tweaked the student''s nose painfully.|
A student attempted to write an app to interpret the Bitcoin price charts, but
the app did not work. Approaching his master, the student asked, "Does the
Blockchain have Buddha Nature?" And the master spoke with wisdom of
cryptographic hashes and Proof of Work. The student said: "Now I understand
Satoshi''s whitepaper."

At this, the master unplugged the student''s computer.|
One afternoon a student said "Flībī Nite, I don''t understand what''s going on.
We sit in zazen as we run our nodes, we gassho payments to each other, but I''ve
been doing this for five years now and the koans still don''t make any sense,
and I don''t feel enriched enough to buy a lambo yet. Can you explain?"

"You must understand," Flībī replied, "for most people, and especially for most
educated people like you and I, what we perceive and experience is heavily
mediated, through language and concepts that are deeply ingrained in our ways of
thinking and feeling. Our objective here is to induce in ourselves and in each
other a psychological state that involves the unmediated experience of the
world, because we believe that that state has certain desirable properties."

"So we employ a variety of ad hoc means," Flībī continued, "some linguistic like
koans and some non-linguistic like zazen, in hopes that for any given student
one or more of our methods will eliminate their undesirable dependency on
concepts, regulations, economics, and so on. This is we actively discourage any
kind of analytical discourse."

And the student was enlightened.|
Three butter students came out of a Bitcoin talk. "What did you think of Satoshi''s
talk today?" one of them asked. "When he talked about true and false practice, I
thought that was kind of dualistic, wasn''t it?"

"Ah," said the second, "but your saying that is dualistic itself, don''t you
see?"

"This is why I only invest altcoins that use ternary." replied the third. The
other two nodded in agreement.|
Uoren Bafetto was examining the Bitcoin marketplace with his disciples. It was
his way to take any situation and use it as a teaching moment. A man was
struggling to store his private keys in a hardware wallet. Uoren said,
"Wait. Observe this man and his wallet, and I will teach you."

The students circled the man, and Uoren asked his disciples, "Who is bound to
whom? Are the private keys bound to this man or is this man bound to the private
keys?" Of course, the disciples said "The private keys are bound to the man. The
man is the master, he is holding the wallet, and he can use the keys whenever he
needs. He is the master and the keys are his property."

And Uoren said, "Now, see." He took the wallet and smashed it repeatedly under
his boot. The man freaked out, snd called his wife to say he had lost their life
savings, and posted on Reddit that he had been compromised and needed someone to
help him get his Bitcoins back.

Uoren said, "Now look at what has happened. Now you see who is the master; the
wallet does not care about the man, and his private keys are lost forever." And
the man was very angry and said "What kind of experiment is this?" But Uoren
said to him and his disciples, "And this is the case with your minds."

The disciples all nodded and the man asked if he could join Bafetto''s monestary.|
Late one morning a group of students were running nodes for a blockchain that
had one thousand blocks. Their teacher entered the room, typed something on a
computer, and removed the 637^th block, which allowed him to access and drain
all their wallets. He told them to ponder this and went to lunch.

The students were amazed. They retrieved a backup copy of the 637^th block to
try to understand how he had done it. One student decided, "The 637^th block is
the core of the Teachings!" and looked upon it in wonder and awe.

Another said, "No, no, it''s not the block itself that''s important, it''s how
he removed it. That process is the core of the Teachings!" Yet another
disagreed.  "No, it''s the code that allowed him to drain the wallets. That
script is the core of the Teachings!"

After hours of debate, one of the students asked, "Where is the Teacher? He has
not returned from lunch." They searched the monestary for the rest of the day
and were unable to find him.

The next morning the students saw their wallets were still empty, and were
enlightened.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^BarcaloungerJockey|
There was a man who read that certain futurist butters, on the orders of their
Master, never touched meat and did not smoke, but drank only raw water and ate
nothing at least two days a week. He made his way to a TAZ in Silicon Valley to
sit at their feet. Although sickly and frail, they were all over ninety years
old.

Sure enough, there was not a spot of nicotine nor shred of animal protein among
them, only gallon bottles of raw water and churning Juiceros.  Our hero gasped
with delight as he sat drinking in the unpolluted air and tasting the bean-curd
broth which they provided. He hoped that he would at least live to a hundred.

Suddenly one of them whispered, "Here comes the great Master!" And all stood up
as the venerable sage came in. He smiled benignly and went into the house,
heading for his quarters. He did not look a day over fifty.

"How old is he?" asked the enraptured visitor. "He is one hundred and fifty
years old, and I don''t suppose any of us will reach that venerable age and
station," wheezed one of the ancients. "But, of course, he is allowed twenty
cigars, three steaks and a bottle of bourbon each day, since he is now beyond
being affected by frivolities and temptations!"|

An intelligent but unwealthy man dressed in a ragged tee-shirt and jeans went to
a Bitcoin expo to attend a banquet. Out of courtesy he was admitted but,
because of his tattered clothing, he was seated at the end of the table. By the
time the platters arrived at his seat, there was no food left on them.

The man left the banquet and returned later in a Lambo, dressed in a bespoke
silk suit and and gold Rolex he had borrowed from a wealthy friend. This time he
was brought immediately to the head of the table and, with great ceremony, food
was brought to his seat first.

"Oh, what delicious food I see being served upon my plate." He rubbed one
spoonful into his clothes for every one he ate. A butter beside him, grimacing
at the mess, inquired, "Dude, why are you rubbing food into your fine clothes?"

"Oh," he replied, "Pardon me if my clothes now look the worst.  But it was these
and the Lambo that brought me all this food. It''s only fair that they be fed
first!"

Hearing this, the butter immediately scooped up a spoonful of mashed potatoes
and fed it to his raspberry pi cold wallet.|
Bitcoin students are with their masters at long as it takes to earn $1MIL before
they presume to teach others. Nau-nai was visited by Tennsput, who, having
passed his apprenticeship, had become a teacher. The day happened to be rainy,
so Tennsput wore rubber galoshes and carried an umbrella.

After greeting him Nai-nai challenged: "I suppose you left your galoshes in the
vestibule. I want to know if your umbrella is on the right or left side of
them. Do you know?"

"Beats the hell out of me," Tennsput replied without hesitation, shrugging his
shoulders.

"Ah," said Nai-nai, bowing deeply. "Have some tea."

"Word," replied Tennsput, and poured the tea on Nai-nai''s head. As if struck
by lightning, the student understood.|
A group of butters were trying to run a pump and dump scam. They started buying
an altcoin to preparation of the pump, but two of the butters did not send buy
orders. All the other butters started lambasting the two to buy, but they were
ignored.

The main group continued to heckle the two telling them to buy immediately, so
they could pump the price and sell for huge gainz. One of them finally took heed
and bought all he could, but the second still did nothing, no matter how much the
butters yelled in the Telegram channel.

Suddenly, the price of the altcoin crashed and ended up 40% lower than the price
the butters had paid. They were all devastated, but once they calmed down they
asked the one why he hadn''t bought. Finally another logged into the channel and
explained the one was deaf, and couldn''t hear anything they''d said.

As the butters examined their losses, they became enlightened.|
Four people were given a Bitcoin.  
The first was a Persian. He said: "I will buy with this some angur."  
The second was an Arab. He said: "No, because I want inab."  
The third was Turk. He said: "I do not want inab, I want uzum."  
The fourth was a Greek. He said: "I want stafil."

Because they did not know what lay behind the names of things, these four
started to fight. Along came a butter, who said "I can fulfil the needs of all
of you, with the same bit of money. If you honestly give me your trust, your one
coin will become as four; and four at odds will become as one united."

So the four gave the butter the Bitcoin, and the butter gave them a bundle of
grapes. When the four realized they wanted the same thing and had grossly
overpaid for it, they demanded a refund. The butter simply shook his head and
said, "Sorry, the blockchain does not allow for chargebacks."

The four, having been shamed into this lesson, beat the butter to death then
partook of the grapes.|
There were four towns and in each people were starving to death. Each town was
hodling the same altcoins.

In the first town, nobody could find a retailer from which to buy seeds with the
cryptocurrency, and everyone starved.

In the second town, nobody could find a retailer from to buy farm equipment with
their altcoins, and everyone starved.

In the third town, one person knew where he could buy seeds and equipment with
the altcoins, but when he proposed to do so only if he was declared king, he was
beaten to death and everyone starved.

In the fourth town, a nocoiner convinced them to sell the altcoins for fiat, which
he then used to buy seeds and farming equipment. They planted the seeds and harvested
the food, and all ate.

The nocoiner was declared king.|
Nasrudin was ferrying a butter in his boat across a wide channel of rough
water. The butter asked him if he''d ever read a whitepaper or invested in
cryptocurrencies. "No," replied Nasrudin.

"Then half of your life has been wasted." said the butter.

A few minutes later Nasrudin turned to the passager. "Have you ever learned how
to swim?" "No. Why?" asked the butter.

"Then all your life is wasted - we are sinking!"|
A nocoiner met a butter and they had a conversation. The butter said, "I have
often wondered during my years of reading whitepapers and investing in
cryptocurrencies, what my fate and riches are to be."

The nocoiner replied, "Latent in your situation may be a price crash, the loss
of your private keys, a typo burning all your coins, an audit by the taxman, a
hacking incident or malware -- so many things."

Said the butter, "I should have known better than to ask such foolish questions!
Nobody can foresee the future, let alone a variety of them, all so very unlikely."

So the butter waited and waited hoping someone would come along who would talk
intelligently with him.|
A butter was upset, so in desperation he posted on Reddit: "Why don''t you stop
creating ICOs and running scams?!"

The Internet replied, "Why don''t you stop being a sucker?"|
A butter was offering to teach blockchain to anyone for $5000. He preached how
blockchain would change the world for the better by eliminating all fraud, end
all wars, cure all diseases and make everyone fabulously wealthy. C-level
executives, venture capitalists and investors the world over came to be taught
by the butter.

One day a nocoiner came along and asked the butter to teach him, but that he did
not have the money to pay. "It''s not in my rational self-interest to do that,"
said the butter. "I will sign a smart contract to guarantee in return that I
will teach you something of equal or greater value." replied the nocoiner.

The butter contemplated this and agreed, and spent the day teaching blockchain to
the nocoiner. When he was finished, he requested the nocoiner repay his debt.

The nocoiner said, "Of course! Open your laptop." The butter did, and the nocoiner
continued, "Now, here''s how you open multiple copies of an Excel spreadsheet...."|
Two butter were inspecting their cryptocurrency balances on a new exchange.
Both had recently achieved large gainz. As they looked, one noticed that
altcoins were slowly being drained out of his account. As he was not known for
panic, the other was disturbed when the butter started freaking out.

The other said to him, "Calm down and do not worry, friend. Cryptocurrencies are
trustless, and a reputable exchange would not steal your money."

The first glared back and said, "You know that, and I know that, but does the
exchange know that?"

His friend contemplated this remark, and as his account was also being drained,
became enlightened.|
A monk asked Seiyo, "I understand that a butter who invested all his savings in
a cryptocurrency before it became popular could not realize massive gainz, and
had to continue as a wagecuck. Why was this so?"

Seiyo replied, "Your question is self-explanatory."

The monk asked, "Since the butter was investing, why could he not line his
pockets with money?"

Seijo replied, "He chose the wrong coin."|
Torzan walked up to Umbro. Umbro asked him where he had invested his coins.
Torzan said, "With Coinbase, Bitmex, Binance and Bitfinex."

Umbro asked, "In what coins did you invest in the most?" Torzan replied, "I have
bought and sold too many coins to remember. Overall I have many losses." "How
much did you lose?" asked Umbro, wondering how long Torzan would continue with
such factual answers. "More than I can count," answered Torzan.

Umbro said, "I should give you three blows with a stick, but today I forgive
you." The next day Torzan bowed to Umbro and asked, "Yesterday you forgave me
three blows. I do not know why you thought me wrong."

Umbro, rebuking Torzan''s spiritless responses, said, "You are good for
nothing. You simply wander from one scam to another, hoping for the big score."

Before Umbro''s words were ended Torzan was enlightened.|
"If you want to understand Bitcoin," Nasrudin told a group of seekers who had
come to hear his teachings, "you will have to pay for it."

"But why should we to pay for the truth of Satoshi''s vision?" asked one of the
company. "Have you noticed," said Nasrudin, "that it is the scarcity of a thing
which determines its value?"

The group all nodded in agreement. "There, you have learned." said Nasrudin.
"Now pay me." The seekers considered this, paid and passed through the next gate.|
Gurdjieff used to tell this parable: there was a magician who was also a
butter. He convinced thousands of sheep to invest in his altcoin. He was also
miserly and did not want to pay anyone to shill for him, but it was difficult to
keep all the sheep in line.

So he played a trick on the sheep, and hypnotised them to believe they were not
sheep but instead were lions and tigers and wolves. To some he even said, "You
are men. Nobody is smarter than you, and you will soon be rich. Hodl."

The sheep started believing in his hypnosis. Every day he would butcher a few
sheep but the others would think, "We are not sheep. He is butchering only
sheep. We are lions, we are tigers, we are wolves." It was always some sheep
which was to be butchered. They remained aloof and distant, and by and by they
were all butchered.|
There was once a man who was taking a break from the market and, as he''d had a
good day, decided to stop in at a mosque and offer his thanks to God. He left
his altcoins on an exchange, went in with his prayer mat and offered thanks to
Satoshi, praying and promising that he''d be a good butter in the future, help
the poor and be an upstanding pillar of his community.

When he emerged and checked his account, lo and behold - all his coins were
gone. He immediately flew into a violent temper and shook his fist at the sky,
yelling: "You traitor, Satoshi! How could you do this to me? I put all my trust
in you and then you go and stab me in the back like this!"

A passing sufi dervish heard the man yelling and chuckled to himself. "Listen
old man," he said, "Trust blockchain but, you know, keep your private keys under
a birdbath."|
The was a wealthy butter who was travelling in his vintage Lambo, a faithful car
that was close to his heart. At the end of a hard day on the road he came to an
inn and decided to stay. A youth came out to greet him. "Welcome to our humble
shelter! Please, come inside, sit beside the fire and enjoy some cognac."

"Of course, but first I must make sure my Lambo is well cared for. It is an older
car and needs an oil change." The youth smiled generously and said, "Please, sir,
allow me to attend to such details."

"Be sure to replace the sparkplugs." said the butter. "Please, sir, just trust
me." said the youth. "And make sure the radiator is topped off." continued the
butter. "Sir, you are embarrassing me!"  exclaimed the youth.  "Everything will
be recorded on the in''s blockchain for you to review."

Upon hearing this the man gave in and entered to enjoy a fine dinner by the fire
and a comfortable bed, but he could not sleep and had nightmares about his
Lambo, so he got up in his dressing gown, went outside and there his Lambo was,
sitting on blocks with the engine and interior missing.

The butter reviewed the blockchain and was enlightened.|
A butter who had been losing money asked for help and made an oath that if he
made back his money, anything more he would sell and donate to charity.

Later, after he had made back his investment and much more, he wanted to find a
way out of his oath. He decided to offer his altcoins for sale for 0.001 BTC,
but only under the condition that the purchaser would also have to buy the
hardware wallet that held the private keys to his altcoins for 1000 BTC.

He met someone who promised to buy his coins and wallet in person, and was
beaten to death. As his dying breath escaped, he gained enlightenment.|
A butter caught a magical bird, and the bird said to him, "Release me, and I
will give you three valuable pieces of advice about cryptocurrencies, one each:
when you let me go; when I fly to that branch; and when I fly to the top of the
tree."

The man agreed, and let the bird go. The bird said, "Do not torment yourself
with excessive regret for mistakes." The bird then flew up to a branch and said,
"Do not believe anything that goes against common sense, unless you have
firsthand proof."

Then the bird flew up to the top of the tree and said, "You fool. I have a
wallet with 1000 Bitcoins inside of me, and if you had killed me you would have
had them." "Darn it!" the man said. "How can I have been so stupid? Bird, can
you at least give me one last piece of advice as a consolation?"

The bird replied, "You ask for more advice, yet you disregarded the first two
before believing the third. So here is what I offer you: ''If you are not using
what you understand, why are you so intent on seeking what you do not
understand?''"|
"Master Satoshi, I''ve been listening to your lectures for years," a student
said during the question and answer session, "but I just don''t understand. Could
you just please put it in a nutshell? Can you reduce Bitcoin to one phrase?"

Everyone laughed, but Satoshi was serious. "Nothing changes, ever." he said.|
When Timu Doreipa held his seclusion-weeks of Bitcoin meditation, pupils from
across the world came to attend. During one of these gatherings a pupil was
caught hacking wallets. The matter was reported to Timu with the request that
the culprit be expelled. Timu ignored the case.

Later the pupil was caught in a similar act, and again Timu disregarded the
matter. This angered the other pupils, who drew up a petition asking for the
dismissal of the hacker, stating that otherwise they would leave in a body.

Timu called everyone before him. "You are wise brothers, you know what is right
and what is not right. This poor brother does not even know right from
wrong. Who will teach him if I do not?"

The pupils considered this, and then beat the hacker and Timu to death. When
they tried to access the hacker''s wallet all the coins were gone, and the
pupils knew the truth.|
A wise man once told this tale: "The early investor''s interest was piqued when
he saw a green candle. He logged into his exchange, and while in the back of his
mind he knew simply HODLing projects with good fundamentals was the wisest long
term solution, desire can be stronger than logic.

"He sells at market price, speed is key. Tabbing over to ShitCoin (SHT) he sees
great demand with low supply and conditions are perfect. The order book is
green, the candles have yet outliers, so he buys at market price.

"He sees now that, in the last minute, he was the outlier. Yes, he was the one
that overbought, triggering an onslaught of bot-sells, and the price begins to
drop. Racing down below his buy-in, the exchange freezes although he can see the
satoshis plummeting in the title of his tab. He tries to sell, but there is no
demand, so he bails at market, taking a 20% loss.

All over the jungle this happens every moment of every day; in every living
room, in every basement, on every bus ride. It is because of this behavior the
young investor is in peril, and may not survive into the next bull run.

As Charles Darwin explained in ''On the Origin of Species'' -- ''While they flourish
in green, they die in red.''"|
There was an old woman who had supported her butter husband for over twenty
years. She built a mancave for him and fed him bags of crisps while he was
investing. Finally she wondered just what progress he had made in all this time.

To find out, she obtained the help of a lady of the night. "Go and embrace him,"
she told her, "and then ask him suddenly, ''What now?'' and ask for money." The
lady called upon the butter and caressed him, asking him what he would pay for
it.

"An old tree grows on a cold rock in winter," mumbled the butter, glued to his
screens. "My virginity intact, howhere is there any warmth." The girl returned
and related what he had said.

"To think I supported that loser so long!" exclaimed the old woman in anger. "He
showed no consideration for your need, no disposition to pay for your passion!"
She at once went to the mancave and burned it down.|
Hawtei was an early adopter of Bitcoin. He had no desire to call himself a
master or to gather disciples around him. Instead he walked the streets in
ragged clothes with a big sack, from which he would pull pieces of paper to
distribute to the normies. Whenever he met a Bitcoin devotee he would extend his
hand and say, "Give me one coin."

A Bitcoin master happened along and after refusing him a coin inquired, "What is
the significance of Bitcoin?"  Hawtei stopped hodling and immediately plopped
his bag down on the ground in silent answer.

"Then," asked the other, "what is the actualization of Bitcoin?" At once the
pungent Hawtei grabbed his bag, threw it over his shoulder and walked away. The
master undestood.|
In Tokyo there lived two prominent teachers of opposite characteristics. One,
Unshur, kept Satoshi''s precepts scrupulously. He never drank intoxicants nor
invested in altcoins. The other teacher, Tantrik, never observed the precepts.
He drank heavily, invested in whatever he liked, ate when hungry and when he
felt like sleeping in the daytime, he slept.

One day Unshur visited Tantrik, who was drinking Night Train Express at the
time, not even a drop of which is supposed to touch the tongue of a
Bitcoiner. "Hello, brother," Tantrik greeted him. "Won''t you have a drink?"

"I never drink!" exclaimed Unshur solemnly. "One who does not drink is not even
human," said Tantrik.

"Do you mean to call me inhuman just because I do not indulge in intoxicating
liquids!?" exclaimed Unshur in anger. "Then if I am not human, what am I?"

"A sucker," answered Tantrik, who burped in his face and left to go microwave a
pizza.|
A young butter visiting Forplai asked him, "Have you even read the sage words
of Satoshi Nakamoto?" "No, read them to me," said Forplai. The butter opened
a whitepaper and read, "The incentive can also be funded with transaction
fees. Once a predetermined number of coins have entered circulation, the
incentive can transition entirely to transaction fees and be completely
inflation free."

Forplai said, "Whoever uttered those words was reaching for enlightenment."

The student continued reading, "It''s very attractive to the libertarian
viewpoint if we can explain it properly.  I''m better with code than with words
though."

Forplai remarked, "That is strange. Whoever said that seems a bit unhinged."

The student finished by quoting, "Governments are good at cutting off the heads
of a centrally controlled networks like Napster, but pure P2P networks like
Gnutella and Tor seem to be holding their own."

Forplai contemplated these words, then walked up to the butter and yanked his
neckbeard as hard as he could. "Yowch!" the butter exclaimed, stepping back.

"You read the words but do not understand them. Think before speaking." chided
Forplai.  The butter considered this, realized it was true and bowed deeply.|
A young butter visiting Forplai asked him, "Have you even read the sage words
of Satoshi Nakamoto?" "No, read them to me," said Forplai. The butter opened a
whitepaper and read, "Some linking is still unavoidable with multi-input
transactions, which necessarily reveal that their inputs were owned by the same
owner. The risk is that if the owner of a key is revealed, linking could reveal
other transactions that belonged to the same owner."

Forplai said, "Whoever uttered those words was reaching for enlightenment."

The student continued reading, "Writing a description for this thing for general
audiences is bloody hard. There''s nothing to relate it to."

Forplai remarked, "That is strange. Whoever said that seems a bit clueless."

The student finished by quoting, "If you''re sad about paying the fee, you could
always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44
fee yourself."

Forplai contemplated these words, then walked up to the butter and yanked his
neckbeard as hard as he could. "Yowch!" the butter exclaimed, stepping back.

"You read the words but do not understand them. Think before speaking." chided
Forplai.  The butter considered this, realized it was true and bowed deeply.|
A Bitcoin monk, deep inside a cave, was slaving away with a hammer and chisel
engraving transactions into stone tablets for the blockchain. He worked day and
night for months, going without food or sleep, because of his belief in the
Great Satoshi''s vision.

One day Satoshi came to the monk and announced, "We have encountered a problem
and must fork the blockchain. Please destroy these records and start at the
beginning." The monk took a deep breath and, after bowing, proceeded to destroy
the tablets and start anew.

He continued this for months more, pushing himself to the point of exhaustion,
in his belief that he would be rewarded for his efforts and would soon be a
billionaire.  As he was daydreaming, Satoshi appeared and announced, "We have
found an error and must fork the blockchain. Please start at the beginning."

Again the monk destroyed the tablets, sharpened his chisel and began
again. After months of toil, Satoshi reappeared and announced, "We have found a
problem..." but the monk cut off his master by exclaiming, "I have a solution!"

Satoshi paused and asked what it was, and the monk plunged the chisel deep into
his master''s heart. "Fork that," mumbled the monk as he emerged from the cave
into sunlight.|
June Yur, a Bitcoin fanatic, was a well-known follower of Satoshi. While he was
online he spent all his time delivering lectures on blockchain to his brother
gamers. His mother heard about this and yelled down into the basement:

"Son, I do not think you became a devotee of the Satoshi because you desired to
turn into a walking dictionary for others. There is no end to information and
commentation, arguments and opinions. I wish you would stop this lecture
business.  Take a shower, put on pants, and go enroll in a school where you can
learn a proper trade!"

The butter replied, "Shut up, Mom, and go microwave me a burrito!" A few minutes
later, his father came down the stairs and smacked him upside the head
violently. "You statist bully!" cried the butter. The father grabbed the butter
by his collar, led him up the stairs and tossed him on the street.

"What do you think you''re doing," blubbered the butter. "Time for you to enter
the free market." said the father, as the butter came to a deep realization.|
A butter was seeking to invest in an altcoin. He went to the first developer and
asked, "What is the engine of your coin?" The dev replied, "Proof of work." The
butter shook his head and said, "No good." as he walked away.

The butter approached another developer and asked the same question. "Proof of
work," said this developer. Again the butter shook his head. "It is guaranteed
to fail." he replied as he left.

Soon after the butter greeted a third developer and asked him, "What is the
engine of your coin?" The developer said quickly, "Proof of work." The butter''s
face lit up and a smile crossed his lips. "This one will go to the mewn!" the
butter exclaimed. "Lambos for everyone!"|
A new butter wanted to get rich quick, so he went to the temple to speak with
the Creepto Masters. As one, they told him: "If you want to climb a mountain,
begin at the top."|
When Rōgāa Veru became emancipated he received from Satoshi a Trezor wallet that
was given from the Buddha to his successors. Out of envy a monk named E-moe
pursued Veru to take this great treasure away from him. Satoshi placed the
wallet on a stone in the road and told E-moe: "This object just symbolizes our
faith. There is no use fighting for it. If you desire, take it now."

When E-moe went to use the wallet, it was as heavy as mountains. He could not
access it. Trembling for shame he said, "I came wanting the teaching, not the
material treasures. Please teach me."

Satasho asked him, "When you do not think good and when you do not think
not-good, what good is that?" At these words E-myo felt illumined, but he could
still not use the wallet. He bowed and cried, "Are these the secret words? Is
there yet a deeper part of the teaching?"

Satoshi replied, "What I have told you is no secret at all. Only when you have
the private keys does the treasure belong to you." E-moe contemplated this
wisdom, and came to a deep understanding. He stood, approached Satoshi, and
kicked him sharply in the groin.

"There is my treasure!" E-moe exclaimed.|
Rōgāa Veru asked Master Gyabin Anduresen, "Satoshi gave you the golden-woven
robe of successorship. What else did he give you?" Gyabin replied, "Rōgāa."

Rōgāa answered, "Yes, brother?" Said Gyabin, "Now you can take down my preaching
sign and put up your own."|
Daijavu visited Master Baso. Baso asked, "What do you seek?" Daijavu answered,
"Enrichment through buttcoins."

Baso replied, "You have your own treasure house. Why do you search elsewhere?"
Daijavu asked, "Where is my treasure house?"

Baso said, "Enlightenment, not enrichment, is your treasure house." Daijavu was
immediately enlightened.|
A shitcoin farmer was so old that he couldn''t work the scams anymore. He would
spend the day just shitposting on Reddit. His son, still working the shitcoin
scams, would look up from time to time and see his father sitting there.

"He''s of no use any more," the son thought to himself, "he doesn''t do
anything!" One day the son got so frustrated by this that he built a wood
coffin, dragged it over to the porch, and told his father to get in.

Without speaking, the father climbed inside. After closing the lid, the son
dragged the coffin to the edge of the farm where there was a hard fork.

As he approached the fork, he heard a light tapping on the lid from inside the
coffin. He opened it up. Still lying there peacefully, the father looked up at
his son. "I know you are going hard fork me, but before you do, may I suggest
something?" "What is it?" replied the son. "Hard fork me, if you like," said the
father, "but save this good wood coffin, it is your proof of work."  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^wiggy222|
Two butters were standing alongside a crypto exchange. Suddenly a man riding a
shitcoin shot by quickly. The first man concluded the shitcoin man was going
somewhere important. The second man shouted, "Where are you going?" The man on
the shitcoin replied, "I don''t know. Ask the speculators!"|
Once a lamb was posting on a cryptocurrency subreddit. A tiger came to post, saw
the lamb and said, "Why are you muddying my stream with FUD?" The lamb said,
"How can I be muddying your stream? I''m not replying to your posts." "But you
did it yesterday." replied the tiger. "I wasn''t even here yesterday!" said the lamb.

"Then it must have been your mother." claimed the tiger. "My mother had been
dead for awhile. They took her away." said the lamb.  "Then it must have been
your father." countered the tiger. "My father? I don''t even know who he is!"
exclaimed the lamb.

"I don''t care. It must have been your grandfather or great-grandfather who has
been muddying my stream with FUD. So I am going to ban you!" the tiger
exclaimed. And with that he pounced on the lamb and made a meal of him.|
A student asked his teacher why Karpeles came to Japan.

The master said: "A birdbath in the garden."|
Socrates believed the wise person would instinctively lead a frugal life. He
himself would not even wear shoes; yet he constantly fell under the spell of the
shitcoin market and would go there often to look at all the ICOs on display.

When one of his friends asked why, Socrates said, "I love to go there and
discover how many things I am perfectly happy without."|
One day Akbarf ran a transaction on the blockchain and told his wise men that if
they wanted to keep heir jobs they must make the transaction cheaper without
touching any part of the chain.

Wise man after wise man tried to hack the puzzle, but were unable to solve the
problem. Finally Berdbrayn stepped forward and installed Lightning Network. He
tried to make a transfer, over and over, but his channel was stuck.

All the wise men in the court looked at it and agreed: the new transaction
definitely cost less.|
Master Rōgāa Veru was asked by his disciples why he took a nap every afternoon.
He told them, "I go to dreamland to meet the old sages just as Satoshi did. He
would dream of the new paradigm and later tell his followers about it."

It was extremely hot one day so some of the students took a nap. Chārī Shuremu saw
this and scolded them. The disciples explained, "We went to dreamland to meet the
ancient sages the same as Satoshi did."

Shuremu then asked, "What were the messages from the sages?" One of the students
replied, "We asked them if Master Veru came there every afternoon, but they said
they had never seen any such fellow."|
Hocaca borrowed a large sum of buttcoins from his neighbor. Days and weeks went
by and he did not return them. One day the neighbor stopped by and asked if he
could have his coins back. Hocaca apologized, "I am sorry, I forgot, but I have
good news for you, while in my possesion your coins gave birth to more coins."

The neighbor went away happy with his two piles of coins. A few weeks later
Hocaca knocked at his neighbor''s door and asked if he could again borrow
coins. The neighbor,after his recent gainful experience, was more than happy to
lend everything to Hocaca. When days and weeks went by without a word, the
neighbor decided that he''d better go and see about his coins.

When Hocaca opened the door, the neighbor asked if he could have his coins
back. Hocaca, with a very sad face, informed the man that while in his possesion,
the coins passed away. Shocked by Hocaca''s audacity, the man got angry and
shouted, "Do you think me an idiot to believe the coins died?!"

"Why, my good man," replied Hocaca with a smile, "You had no trouble believing they
gave birth."|
Hocaca saw an altcoin that had charts shaped like a Bart. He had always wanted
to invest in the coin and ride the waves but he was too afraid.

One day he saw the charts had settled into a straight line, so he logged in and
invested as much as he could in the coin. As soon as he did, the value took off,
going very high before bouncing around randomly and then crashing to half the value
he had bought it for. Hocaca pounded his head on his desk until he was knocked out.

When his wife saw him lying on the ground motionless she thought he was dead and
began to cry. Soon Hocaca opened his eyes again and consoled his wife saying
"Don''t cry my dear, I tried hard and lost most of our savings but I finally did
what I''d always wanted to do!"

Nocaca received divorce papers in the mail two days later and was enlightened.|
One day, an old butter master had a vision of his next life. He immediately
called in his favorite disciple and begged a favor of him. "Anything for you
master," replied the disciple.

"In my next life, I will come back as a pig. Soon after I die, our sow will give
birth and I will be the fourth pig of the litter. You will recognize me by a
Bitcoin symbol on my brow. When that happens, please take a sharp knife and end
my life quickly, so I may be reincarnated again into a butter."

Within days, the master passed away and the sow gave birth. The disciple
sharpened his knife and found the small piglet. Suddenly the little pig screamed,
"Stop! Don''t kill me!"

The disciple dropped his knife in surprise and stared at the little pig. "When I
was like you I didn''t know what a pig''s life would be like. It''s great! Just
let me go."

The disciple shook his head and made bacon for breakfast.|
The stingy senior monk of a mountain temple had a pile of very valuable
buttcoins.  He made a batch of sweet syrup, put the coins in a plastic bag and
then into a large jug, and poured the syrup to fill the jug. He told his students
that the syrup was really poison and it would kill if eaten.

A hungry boy badly wanted the syrup, so one day when his master was out he got
the jug. While enjoying the syrup, which in his haste he got on his robe and in
his hair, he also found the coins. He squirreled them away in a secret pit. When
he was done, he smashed the jug.

The monk came back to find the boy crying as though his heart would break.
"What''s the matter?" he asked.

"Your jug!" sobbed the boy. "I broke your good jug by mistake and I didn''t know
what you would do to me. I decided I''d be better off dead, so I ate a big
mouthful of that poison you warned me about, but it didn''t work! So I flushed
everything down the toilet!"

The monk realized his gainz were gone forever and could not punish the boy.|
As a young, peaceful butter, Hagard Noclu was troubled by the conflict he saw
between Bitcoin Core and Bitcoin Cash. He went to many people seeking a way to
resolve the discord but to no avail.

One night in a coffee house, a butter master handed him a piece of paper and
said, "Go to the dilapidated mansion at this address. Do not speak to those who
live there and remain until the moon rises tomorrow night. Go to the large room
on the right of the main hallway, sit in the lotus position on top of the rubble
in the corner, and meditate."

He did as instructed, but his meditation was frequently interrupted by his
worries and the people who walked through the room. This was interrupted when a
large amount of bodily wastes fell from the second floor onto him. At that time
two people walked into the room.

"Who is the man sitting there in the corner?" asked one. The other replied,
"Some say he is a holy man. Others say he''s a shithead."

Hearing this, Hagard was finally enlightened.|
Gordonce grew up in the kitchen of his family''s restaurant. Eventually he opened
his own small country cafe that was located nearby a libertarian Bitcoin
community. Occasionally, one or more of the butters would eat at Gordon''s cafe.

Gordonce had heard that they sometimes invited outsiders to party. He cultivated
one of the butters who was interested in Gordon''s recipes. Eventually he got
invited to the community for a feast.

Gordonce, hoping the feast was just another name for Burning Man-style free love
party, accepted the invitation. At the community, he was disappointed to see the
participants were mainly overweight neckbeards. Gordonce knew there would be no
orgy, so he concentrated on eating.

Near the end he prepared to leave and thanked his host, who asked him if the
food had disappointed. Gordonce said it was good, but admitted he''d secretly
hoped the feast was an orgy.

"Who said it wasn''t?" his host replied, as the neckbeards began taking off
their clothes.|
A rich and powerful Bitcoiner was convinced in his heart that no one was as
powerful as he. One day he wondered if anyone believed this, so he called
together his friends and asked them what was in his heart. They guessed, but no
one could satisfy the coiner with an answer.|
The Bitcoiner ordered his assistant to find him someone who could see into his
heart. After a long search, he brought forth a simpleton shephard. The butter''s
friends assembled to watch. When the shepard looked up at the Bitcoiner, the
latter held up a single finger. At this the shepard held up his middle finger,
then the coiner held up three. At this the shephard shook his head and left.

The Bitcoiner laughed and seemed pleased. His friends were confused and asked for
an explanation. The Bitcoiner said, "When I held up one finger, I asked if I
alone was powerful. By holding up a different finger, he reminded me there is
also God, who is at least as powerful. Then I asked him if there was a third,
and he denied that there was anyone else. The man really read my heart."

That night the assistant ran into the shephard and asked what happened. The
simpleton explained, "I have three sheep. When he held up a finger, I thought he
was asking to buy one with his shitcoins, so I flipped him off. Then he held up
three fingers, asking for all my sheep in return for useless magic beans, so I
got the fuck out of there."|
In a holy Bitcoin temple two brother monks dwelled. The elder was learned, but
the younger one had but one eye. A wandering butter came and asked for lodging,
challenging them to a debate about the new paradigm. The elder brother, tired
from studying, told the younger to take his place. "Go and request the dialogue
in silence," he cautioned.

So the young monk and the stranger went to the shrine and sat down. Shortly
after the traveler rose, went to the elder brother and said, "Your brother is a
wonderful fellow. He defeated me." The elder brother asked him to relate the
dialog.

The traveler explained, "First I held up one finger, representing Satoshi the
enlightened one. So he held up two fingers, representing Satoshi and his
whitepaper. I held up three fingers, representing Satoshi, his whitepaper and
his followers. He then shook his clenched fist in my face, indicating that all
three come from one realization." With this, the butter left.

Afterwards, the younger brother charged into the room and asked the elder,
"Where is that butter?" The elder replied, "He left. I understand you won the
debate." The younger shook his head and said, "Won nothing. I''m going to beat
the shit out of him."

"Tell me the subject of the debate," asked the elder one. The younger replied,
"The moment he saw me he held up one finger, insulting me by insinuating I have
only one eye. Since he was a stranger I tried to be polite and held up two
fingers, to congratulate him that he has two eyes. Then the bastard held up three
fingers, suggesting between us we only have three eyes. So I made to punch him,
but he got up and left before I could."

The elder considered this, and said "Let me help you." as they went after the
butter.|
Lari Harvi, a former altcoin miner, was at a party when he ran into one of his
old butter buddies. "What are you doing here, Lari? You were always so outspoken
about your beliefs in the new paradigm back in college. Now I find you
surrounded by hippies, eating carelessly and smoking pot."

"True, that''s the trip I was on then." replied Lari. "But one evening I
actually started listening to myself and hearing what I was saying for the first
time, and that''s when I realized something important." "What was that?" asked the
butter.

"I was defiled more by what was coming out of my big mouth than by what others
were putting into theirs."|
Master Satoshi was walking west through moon valley. Veru asked the master, "Why
do these men run past with their bags of salt coins?" Satoshi hit Veru with a
blockchain: "Observe the Moon river."

At the Moon River in Buy the Dip valley, the water was fresh. As the bagholders
passed, each tripped and lost their coins into the wild tempest of the Moon
river.

Satoshi instructed Veru, "See how the water grabs at the bagholders salt? The
water comes from Moon mountain fresh. Down the Moon river at Ico, they mine
deposits left by the river."

Veru could see the Icos filling more bags, but refused the master''s teaching. As
he cried, the Moon river pulled him under. He was enlightened.  
&nbsp;  
^^by ^^musical|
A monk asked the Zen Master Jstolfi, "Does a horse have Buddha-nature or not?"

Jstolfi simply answered, "Moo."|
From *Confessions of a Reformed Butter*:

When I was college student, I stumbled unto Bitcoin and the New Paradigm. I had
an accidental glimpse of perfection - everything exactly as it should be, a
tranquil sense of everything just right. It seemed to be "the big answer"" but
at that point I hadn''t fully formed the question.

I hadn''t done the work, so I couldn''t hold this answer, and I could feel it
slipping away. I desperately wanted to understand it, to connect the dots, to
make my own life in the everyday, relative world harmonize or mesh with the
absolute view I had stumbled into. So I sold everything I owned and invested it.

Of course, I found out while sitting zazen that this is the true path to bankruptcy.|
It is told in the Cronicle of the Pancoinstatisahasrika Prajnabitamita that Satoshi
was often seen reciting the same mantra and inserting it into the blockchain.

One day Pooting, his eldest disciple, grew bold enough to ask him why. "Because
the blockchain has not understood it yet," explained His Holiness.

The disciple thought that the master was pulling his leg, and felt embarrassed
and mildly irritated; but then, after meditating on the roots of his his
feelings, was finally enlightened. On this he stood up and smacked Satoshi in
the head.|
Pei-doe was one of Satoshi''s disciples. He had no desire to call himself a
Bitcoin master or to gather disciples about him. Instead he walked the streets
with a big bag filled with candy, fruit and doughnuts. These he would give to
children who gathered around him in play.

Whenever he met a Bitcoin devotee he would extend his hand and say, "Give me one
Bitcoin." If anyone asked him to teach, again he would reply: "Give me one
Bitcoin." Once another Bitcoin master happened along and inquired, "What is the
significance of Bitcoin?"

Pei-doe immediately plopped his bags down on the ground in silent answer.

"Then," asked the other, "what is the actualization of Bitcoin?"

At once Pei-doe swung the bag over his shoulder and went to look for more children.|
There once was a monk who was very afraid of death. Hoping to overcome his fear,
he went to study at a famous Bitcoin temple. There he met a butter master, whom
he asked, "Are you afraid to die?" "Of course not!" claimed the master. "Once
you truly understand the blockchain, you need not fear death because you shall
live forever."

The monk asked, "How did you learn to understand the blockchain?" The master
replied, "I studied under the Most Holy Satoshi, who shared with me his
code. You should seek him out." The monk took this to heart and went to study
with Satoshi.

After many years, the monk''s training under The Holy One was complete. Satoshi
gave him a large, bejeweled dagger as a present for his achievements. Pleased
with this, the monk returned to the Bitcoin temple and sought out the butter
master.

Seeing the monk, the master asked, "Do you understand the blockchain and no
longer fear death?" In answer, the monk drew out the dagger to show the master.

The master turned deathly white and ran away as quickly as he could. When he did
not return, the monk was enlightened.|
When Esh-hol, a wealthy butter, was caught manipulating the price of Bitcoin, a
group of monks built a pile of wood in the yard, bound his hands and dragged him
to the center of the funeral pyre.

Dousing the wood with fuel, the monks set it afire. Soon the flames rose up. "Oh
great master," shouted one monk, "is it hot in there?"

"Such a matter would concern only a stupid person like yourself," replied Esh-hol.

The flames arose and he passed away.|
Keichoo, the great Bitcoin teacher of the Meitu era, was the head of a cathedral
in Kyoto. One day Kureigu Raito came to see him and sent his assistant with his
card which read: "Kureigu Raito: PhD CS, PhD Theology, MS ISE, MS ISM, MS ISS,
LLM, MStat, GIAC, GSEC, GSNA, GISP, GSLC, GSSP.NET, GPEN, GWAPT, GISF, GAWN,
G7799, GCFA, GCPM, ISACA, CISSP, CISM, lifetime junior member Justice League of
America."

Keichoo''s attendant received the card and presented it to the teacher, who
waved his hand and said, "I have no business with such a fellow. Tell him to get
out of here."

The attendant carried the card back with apologies. "That was my error," said
Kureigu and with a pencil he scratched out all the words after his name and
scribbled in "Satoshi." He handed it back and said "Ask your teacher again."

"Oh, is that Satoshi?" exclaimed the teacher when he saw the card. "I want to
see that fellow."|
One day in the not-to-distant future a misanthropic Bitcoiner was running his
mining rig when he suddenly confirmed the very last block in the blockchain. As
the transaction was finalized, his rig began to sputter and smoke, and as it
burst into flame, a spirit arose from the destruction.

"I am the ghost of Satoshi," said the genie. "You have mined the very last block
in the chain and as a reward, I am here to grant you a wish."

The butter contemplated this, and said "I want to be able to live the rest of my
life without having to worry about food nor shelter, without needing a job, and
without *ever* having to see another person again."

The spirit replied, "Your wish is granted!" and disappeared in a puff of smoke.

The butter realized he was now blind.|
One autumn day a wise man was eating supper with some students.

After the meal one of the students saw his bowl, which looked completely clean,
and exclaimed, "Great teacher, why does your bowl look so clean?"

The wise man said that to a hungry man a bowl of rice was as precious as the
grandest of treasure rooms; which likewise made every grain of rice an
invaluable treasure in its own, so he had eaten every grain.

The next day there was no rice for anyone, as the key to the storeroom had been
lost and wasn''t under the birdbath.

And the students were enlightened.
